readme.md, before:

# lwrp_shadowmask_demo
[![license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Tencent/InjectFix/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Tencent/InjectFix/pulls)

This demo shows how unity lwrp template works with shadowmask lighting mode. 
![baked shaodow ](https://github.com/sienaiwun/lwrp_shadowmask_demo/blob/master/imgs/shadowmask.png)
As the image shows, the shadow is baked. Even the wall is removed, the shadow remains. Currently, only one baked light info can be read, it is trivial to read other lights' shadowmask info in Lighting.hlsl.

The changes related to shadowmask are mainly in submits [lwrp with shadowmask](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/b1e8c9cc3da5547e16a77df09c9cd8d63494df96) ,[shadowmask fix](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/f08ab82927dedd09df0f8753507a215c403550fe) ,[fix compiler flag error](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/526d9ddf0bf4cffb43a0bb7e81519d5e54d6b71e) and [FIX: shadowmask config explicitly](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/0f26d8d1fd7efae4ce0f8c70c3d7ca232c7edf3e).

Besides the shadowmask, this repo also improves shadowmap's efficiency by tighten its aabb and adds planer specular/glossy reflections.

Commit message:

scene multi shadow mask lights

readme.md, after:

# lwrp_shadowmask_demo
[![license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Tencent/InjectFix/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-blue.svg)](https://github.com/Tencent/InjectFix/pulls)

This demo shows how unity lwrp template works with shadowmask lighting mode. 
![baked shaodow ](https://github.com/sienaiwun/lwrp_shadowmask_demo/blob/master/imgs/shadowmask.png)
As the image shows, the shadow is baked. Even the wall is removed, the shadow remains. Currently, we can support at most 4 baked-shadow lights. As the following image shows.
![multi shaodow ](https://github.com/sienaiwun/lwrp_shadowmask_demo/blob/master/imgs/multi_light.png)

The changes related to shadowmask are mainly in submits [lwrp with shadowmask](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/b1e8c9cc3da5547e16a77df09c9cd8d63494df96) ,[shadowmask fix](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/f08ab82927dedd09df0f8753507a215c403550fe) ,[fix compiler flag error](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/526d9ddf0bf4cffb43a0bb7e81519d5e54d6b71e) and [FIX: shadowmask config explicitly](https://github.com/sienaiwun/unity_lwrp_shadowmask_demo/commit/0f26d8d1fd7efae4ce0f8c70c3d7ca232c7edf3e).

Besides the shadowmask, this repo also improves shadowmap's efficiency by tighten its aabb and adds planer specular/glossy reflections.
